README.md, before:

# Fitnessfriends

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.7.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Included what needs to be installed for a newbie
Included installation link for node.js, command for Angular CLI. How to clone, configure, and run the app

README.md, after:

# What you neeed installed 
To be able to run the project you will need [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download)
You will also need Angular CLI, which, after installing node. You can get by running the command `npm install -g @angular/cli` in a terminal window.
That's it! You now having everything that you need.

# How to run the app
After cloning the app on your machine using the command `git clone https://github.com/UNCW-CSC-450/software-engineering-team-project-fourtothefloor.git`.
Go to the project root folder in a terminal window and run the command `npm install` or `npm i` This will generate the package-lock.json and node-modules folder that is necessary for the app to run.
Once you have done that, in the same terminal window, run the command `ng serve`. Open web browser, in a new window, in the address bar type `localhost:4200` and press enter.
You're done!

# Fitnessfriends

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.7.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
